Letters like this are pretty common before an assessment is scheduled to kick off.
There are a number of things you should consider.
Thinking back to our ideas about controlling and facilitating assessments,
there's some considerations that you should think through.
First, do you know the scope of the assessment?
What is the system or area of business being assessed?
Do you fully understand the techniques that will be used to perform the assessment?
Is it a manual review, a technical assessment?
Will there be automated tools used?
What are your obligations to the assessor?
Do you need them to be more specific?
Are these all the documents that are required?
There's a list in the letter,
but does this represent the entire list?
Also, will the assessor need access to other stakeholders?
You need to answer that question to make
sure that you line up those stakeholders as appropriate.
Finally, what should you expect for the results?
What will the detail be and when will you receive it?